Profiling 8.10 updates (#3234)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/universal-profiling.asciidoc

[[universal-profiling]]
= Universal Profiling

> Elastic Universal Profiling is a whole-system, always-on, continuous profiling solution that eliminates the need for code instrumentation, recompilation, on-host debug symbols and service restarts. Leveraging eBPF, Universal Profiling operates within the Linux kernel space, capturing only the needed data with minimal overhead in an unobtrusive manner. For a quick overview of Universal Profiling, see the https://www.elastic.co/observability/ebpf-continuous-code-profiling[Universal Profiling product page].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Elastic Universal Profiling is a whole-system, always-on, continuous profiling solution that eliminates the need for code instrumentation, recompilation, on-host debug symbols and service restarts. Leveraging eBPF technology, Universal Profiling operates within the Linux kernel space, capturing only the needed data with minimal overhead in an unobtrusive manner. For a quick overview of Universal Profiling, see the https://www.elastic.co/observability/ebpf-continuous-code-profiling[Universal Profiling product page].

```

> Elastic Universal Profiling is a whole-system, always-on, continuous profiling solution that eliminates the need for code instrumentation, recompilation, on-host debug symbols and service restarts. Leveraging eBPF, Universal Profiling operates within the Linux kernel space, capturing only the needed data with minimal overhead in an unobtrusive manner.  For a quick overview of Universal Profiling, see the https://www.elastic.co/observability/ebpf-continuous-code-profiling[Universal Profiling product page].

Reviewer 2: There's a double-space between `the 2 sentences? `.  For`

```suggestion
Elastic Universal Profiling is a whole-system, always-on, continuous profiling solution that eliminates the need for code instrumentation, recompilation, on-host debug symbols and service restarts. Leveraging eBPF, Universal Profiling operates within the Linux kernel space, capturing only the needed data with minimal overhead in an unobtrusive manner. For a quick overview of Universal Profiling, see the https://www.elastic.co/observability/ebpf-continuous-code-profiling[Universal Profiling product page].

```

The position of the summary square in the bottom-right corner adjusts when you drag the flamegraph, and moving the summary square
adjusts the visible area in the bigger panel.

> Hovering your mouse over a rectangle in the flamegraph displays the frame's details in the window. To see more frame information, click on the "Show more information" icon after pinning the tooltip.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hovering your mouse over a rectangle in the flamegraph displays the frame's details in the window. To see more frame information, click on the *Show more information* icon after pinning the tooltip.

```

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/profiling-flamegraph-detailed-view.png[]

> Below the graph area, a search bar allows you to highlight specific text in the flamegraph; here you may search binaries, function or file names and move over the occurrences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below the graph area, you can use the search bar to find specific text in the flamegraph; here you can search binaries, function or file names, and move over the occurrences.

```
